---
title: "LIMINA"
subtitle: "Seven Gateways to The Realm of Dreams"
image: 'img/limina/thumb.jpg'
description: "After The Dreamheadz found their way into The Realm of Dreams, everyone wanted access. The Order built seven gates leading to the epicentre of the Doodleverse. They called it Project LIMINA..."
categories: ['Projects', 'Illustration']
tags: ['NFT', 'For Sale', 'Doodleverse']
background_color: "black"
color: "white"
related:
  - /posts/doodleverse
  - /posts/for-love
  - /posts/universe-library
slider_images:
  - "img/limina/0.jpg"
  - "img/limina/1.jpg"
  - "img/limina/2.jpg"
  - "img/limina/3.jpg"
  - "img/limina/4.jpg"
  - "img/limina/5.jpg"
  - "img/limina/6.jpg"
signup_tag: Art
---
# {{ page.title | widont }}
## {{ page.subtitle | widont }}

<p class="notice">🚨 The 7 LIMINA pieces are being auctioned off from 25 March–3 April on Salvor. <a href="#times">View auction times</a></p>

{% include glider.html imgs=page.slider_images %}

After [The Dreamheadz](/dreamheadz) found their way into The Realm of Dreams, everyone wanted access. The Order built seven gates leading to the epicentre of the [Doodleverse.](/tags/doodleverse/) They called it Project LIMINA. But, upon their completion, the gates buckled and broke. Cosmic waves rippled through the realms. The Doodleverse began to unravel. The Shadow reemerged. Creatures fled their homes. Glitches appeared. It was chaos. But, a single gate remains open.

{% include video.html type="youtube" id='Ir8k613DleA' caption="LIMINA introduction" %}

With LIMINA, I collaborated with other “realms” of myself. I used different styles, skillsets, and methods within single pieces. Some methods include collage, doodling, abstract art, and generative art (code art). The collection touches on the topics of chaos, ADHD, and artistic influence.

Each of the seven pieces is a 1/1 ERC-721. Auction winners will receive a framed and signed archival print. The frame contains an NFC chip. The chip, when scanned, provides further information and provenance.

These pieces are the biggest pieces I’ve created. They’re 5X bigger than my pieces in my [Doodleverse collection](/doodleverse), and 3X bigger than pieces in my [For Love collection.](/for-love)

{% include img.html caption="Oak frames with anti-reflective art glass" img="img/limina/frames.jpg" %}

### Collection details
- **Artist:** Rich Armstrong.
- **Collection:** LIMINA.
- **Dimensions:**
  - 3580 × 6365 px.
  - 303 × 538 mm at 300dpi. 12 × 21" at 300dpi. 9:16 ratio.
  - 500 × 745 mm framed. 19.7 × 29.3 " framed.
  - Perfect for portrait screens &amp; monitors, mobile wallpapers, and portrait prints (I’m supplying)
- **Frames:** Framed in oak wood, with anti-reflective art glass.
- **Paper:** Archival quality Giclée Hahnemühle Bamboo paper. 290 GSM. It’s lovely paper that makes the art come to life.
- **NFC Chips:** Each framed artwork has a scannable NFC chip in the bottom left corner that will take you to a page about that specific artwork.
- **Mediums:** Photography, Printer, Scanner, Procreate, Photoshop, Adobe Fresco.
- **Supply:** Seven unique one-of-one pieces.
- **Blockchain:** Avalanche. Chain ID 43114.
- **Provenance:** View [on Snowtrace.](https://snowtrace.io/token/0xd586114816CBA9A733B1BeF2f5c822D650ddd01c?chainId=43114)

<div id="times"></div>
### Auction times & details
These 7 LIMINA pieces will be auctioned off [on Salvor.](https://ttkb.me/liminaauction) Each auction will take 24 hours.
- **Min Bid:** 50 AVAX. This is roughly $2,500. This price includes shipping of framed print.
- **Reserve:** 120 AVAX. This means you buy the piece without further auction.
- **Bid times:**
1. **[Blossoms of The Mind](https://art.salvor.io/collections/0xd586114816cba9a733b1bef2f5c822d650ddd01c/1)**  
Auction ended.
1. **[Doodle Delirium](https://art.salvor.io/collections/0xd586114816cba9a733b1bef2f5c822d650ddd01c/2)**  
Auction ended.
1. **[On a Bed of Eyes](https://art.salvor.io/collections/0xd586114816cba9a733b1bef2f5c822d650ddd01c/3)**  
Auction ended.
1. **[A Veil of Glitches](https://art.salvor.io/collections/0xd586114816cba9a733b1bef2f5c822d650ddd01c/4)**  
Auction ended.
1. **[Monochromatic Moonlight](https://art.salvor.io/collections/0xd586114816cba9a733b1bef2f5c822d650ddd01c/5)**  
Auction ended.
1. **[Sunshine Kingdom](https://art.salvor.io/collections/0xd586114816cba9a733b1bef2f5c822d650ddd01c/6)**  
Auction ended.
1. **[Memento Vivere](https://art.salvor.io/collections/0xd586114816cba9a733b1bef2f5c822d650ddd01c/7)**  
📆 3 April 6pm UTC — 4 April 6pm UTC

{%- include banner.html title='LIMINA Has Dropped' color='white' img='img/limina/cta-banner.jpg?v=2' background_color='#136efb' btn_background='light' btn_text_color='white' type='cover' cta='Make a Bid' url='https://ttkb.me/liminaauction' align='bottom-right' -%}